# Little-interpreter
Little Interpreter This assignment asks you to write a Python interpreter for a "Little" language,  Though we've learned about four phases in building a compiler: lexical analysis, building parse trees, semantic analysis (code generation) and optimization, you will not need to do all of that for this small language.  You will also need to turn in a short write up explaining why your program is much easier than a true compiler. This must be in paragraph form and include at least 3 things that you didn't need to implement that a compiler does need to do.   The Little language is defined by the following BNF:  digit ::= 0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 int ::= &lt;digit> | &lt;int>&lt;digit> list_int ::= &lt;int> &lt;int> | &lt;int> &lt;list_int> unary_op ::= double | triple | square | cube  binary_op ::= sub | div list_op ::= add | mult expression ::= &lt;unary_op> &lt;int> |                        &lt;binary_op> &lt;int> &lt;int> |                        &lt;list_op> &lt;list_int> comment ::= #  This means that the language only supports positive integers and only has 8 operations: double, triple, square, cube, add, sub, mult and div. In addition, this language only allows one expression per line, doesn't have variables, and doesn't allow for "chaining" expressions.  The 8 operations perform the following:  double: Takes a single integer operand and prints the double of it (i.e. multiply by 2) triple: Takes a single integer operand and prints the triple of it (i.e. multiply by 3) square: Takes a single integer operand and prints the square (i.e. the operand times itself) cube: Takes a single integer operand and prints the cube (i.e. raised to the 3rd power) add: Takes two or more operands. The printed result is all the operands added together. sub: Takes two operands. The printed result is the second operand subtracted from the first operand mult: Takes two or more operands. The printed result is all the operands multiplied together div: Takes two operands. The printed result is the first operand divided by the second operand Your program must:  Your program must prompt for an input file name Your program must process each line of the file, and produce correct output for each line. This output can simply be written to the Python Shell window. The processing for each line is as follows: Lines containing only white space or beginning with a comment (defined as a # in Little) are ignored For other lines, the line (minus the newline character) must be printed, followed by the value produced by executing the line. Note: the value produced could be an error message. Run your program on the attached TestAll.little file.  You may define and use your own functions, but it is not required.   I have included an outline of the program for you to start from.   Start with the included outline, run it, and continue fixing it/adding functionality until you have everything working.  The outline provided includes some functions for you to use. You will need to make modifications to some of the provided functions. This may mean additional code or changes to existing code - the functions which need modification have # TODO comments for you to find and modify/fix. Make sure you look at what the function is returning and make sure it makes sense with your changes.   The main body of the program also contains a # TODO comment reminding you to implement the operations that I didn't.  I suggest you proceed in an incremental fashion - work on one thing and get it working, then proceed to the next thing - this is called iterative development.  DO NOT TRY TO WRITE THE ENTIRE PROGRAM AND THEN HOPE IT RUNS!!!  Make SURE you are testing what you have periodically. It is MUCH easier to debug what might be wrong if you've only written 2 or 3 lines since the last time you tested the code. You may also want to save working copies periodically so you have something working to go back to in case you make a mistake you can't figure out.  Also - Remember that you can use the # to comment out lines in your TestAll.little file. This may be helpful if you start to get errors while you are working on something else. Just remember to remove the # comments later and make sure everything is working.  You might want to refer to the Python Chapter and the Python slides (specifically Python Strings, Python6 Working with Files and Python7 Functions) to help you.  Be sure to run your program on the provided TestAll.little.  The correct output is shown below. There are 56 output lines. To receive full credit, your completed program should produce the same results.
